some 142 the chief musician a psalm of
david deliver me O Lord from evil men
preserve me from violent men plan evil
things in their hearts they continually
gather together for war they sharpen
their tongues like a serpent the poison
of ASPs is under their lips keep me O
Lord from the hands of the wicked
preserve me from violent men who have
purposed to make my steps stumble the
proud have hidden a snare from me and
cords they have spread a net by the
wayside they have set traps for me I
said to the Lord you are my god hear the
voice of my supplications O Lord O God
the Lord the strength of my salvation
you have covered my head in the day of
battle do not grant O Lord the desires
of the wicked do not further his wicked
scheme list they be exalted as for the
head those who surround me but the evil
of their lips cover them but burning
coals fall upon them let them be cast
into the fire into deep pits that they
rise not up again let not a slanderer be
established in the earth but evil hunt
the violent man to overthrow him I know
that the Lord will maintain the cause of
the afflicted and justice for the poor
surely the righteous shall give thanks
to your name the upright shall dwell in
your presence
you